Presumptuous, you are provoking
You Fuso are here to pay tribute
It was supposed to be
How dare you?
The warrior spirit of my Fuso
Also respect the strong
Daring to challenge the strong is the greatest respect for the strong
Avoiding challenges is the work of cowards
Could it be that the first brother family of the dignified building
I don't even have the courage
Humph your mother's fart
Who doesn't know that there is a martial arts genius who has not been in your Fuso mission for a hundred years?
Are you trying to show off your power at my wedding?
I'll tell you what.
Impossible not
Chen Nanjun, please don't be incompetent and yell
We are not afraid of losing
And I want you all to show some spirit.
Don't make us look down on you.
you
Must understand
The building and Fuso have long been attacked and defended
If you Fuso fruit can't even figure this out
Building up
Sweep tomorrow
You will welcome the sunrise on Fuso